# CS 100 Programming Project
A. Andrew Lung (alung004@ucr.edu), Shareriar Malik (shaheriarm@gmail.com), Sky Wu (swu186@ucr.edu)
B. Project Organizer
C. We plan to work on an application that manages projects or tasks. Primary features of this application will include outputting tasks by deadline, outputting tasks by priority, and outputting miscellaneous information such as the time-expectancy of a task. Furthermore, this program, when run, will remind users of tasks that they would most likely want to see.
D. This project interests us because we want a full hands-on experience with crafting a database that meets real-world needs. People on a day-to-day business can find their responsibilities overwhelming as the complexity and number of their tasks increases. These tasks can include complications such as deadlines, priorities, time-windows, and other factors that can lead people to spend time inefficiently. When tasks such as these pile up on a person, mistakes happen and deadlines are not met. This program seeks to solve that issue by allowing users to make the best choice by displaying which tasks are the most urgent according to their immediate needs.
E. We are planning on using C++ for the project as the team has the most experience with C++ compared to other programming languages. We will likely use as many standard libraries as needed for the build of this project and we will use the system clock in order to create our reminder.
F. The input of our project will include the necessary information to pin a new task and the output will vary depending on the user's configurations on which tasks they would like to see. Other forms of input may be to delete a task or to update a task.
